[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well, welcome
back to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
And what a special guest I have
for you today, Carmen Boulter,
of course.
She is a noted
author, researcher,
documentary producer,
documentary,
of course, The Pyramid Code."
She's working on a new one
called "The New Atlantis."
Carmen, welcome back
to "Beyond Belief."
It's always fun
to have you here.
>>CARMEN BOULTER: Nice
to see you, George.
>>NOORY: Always just fantastic.
And your work is
absolutely amazing.
How did you get started
into all of this?
And then we're going to
talk about things you're
discovering about Atlantis.
>>BOULTER: Well, it started
when I was a little girl.
And I started having
past life visions
and I didn't know
what I was looking at.
And then I went and
looked in costume books
and the encyclopedia, and trying
to figure out what it was.
And it ended up
that it was Egypt.
And so, I think I've
been basically chasing
around my past life
memories this whole time.
>>NOORY: Super.
And how did you get involved
with studying Atlantis?
>>BOULTER: Well, that
name comes up a lot.
And I think that's a myth
that we can't let go of.
So people are endlessly
curious about it.
And yet, when you
look at documentaries,
it seems like they want to put
it back into the bin of myth.
They don't want to bring it out.
And a lot of the evidence
has been destroyed.
And it's very, very obscure.
And I'm really
curious, because I
think there's a way to
ground verifiable data
with the possibility
of Atlantis.
>>NOORY: If we didn't
have Plato, Carmen,
would we even know
about Atlantis?
>>BOULTER: Maybe not.
>>NOORY: Uh-huh.
That's what I thought.
>>BOULTER: He was the
most famous person
that talked about it.
Yet, people say that
perhaps he was heartbroken
because Socrates was poisoned.
And he had to make up a story
to make himself feel better.
And that it wasn't 9,000
years, it was 9,000 moons.
And they keep on making things
up about what Plato was saying.
Now, was he making things up?
Or has it been difficult for
us to verify what he said?
>>NOORY: See, I sometimes think
that we know where Atlantis is
and that for some reason, we're
holding back on telling people.
I don't know why.
Why do I feel that way?
>>BOULTER: Because it's true.
So I've actually spoken at
an International Conference
in Indonesia last year.
And there were
lots of researchers
that are talking about
physical evidence of Atlantis
having been in Asia, not
necessarily with the Atlantic
Ocean.
>>NOORY: That's a first.
>>BOULTER: But, what
I've also realized
is that in ancient
texts, they'll
often say it's over here,
when it's over there.
So then they can tell the whole
story and not have people go
and find out.
So there's this thing
about mundane people.
If Atlantis had all these
riches and specialty woods
and aromatherapy and all these
crops and that sort of thing,
and gold and jewels, they didn't
want people to go and find it.
And so they'd say
it's over there.
The other thing
that's been really
misleading is the whole of
the ocean was the Atlantic.
And it was the world ocean--
>>NOORY: In those days
it was everything.
>>BOULTER: It was everything.
And so there's all this
thing about opposites,
so that we don't exactly know.
And so we've all gotten
confused about it.
But as well, Atlantis was a
worldwide seafaring culture.
And so they colonized.
And so there were
little pockets all over.
So in terms of what Atlantis--
what Plato said about Atlantis
being 32 points, and all
the places that have been
designated to
possibly be Atlantis--
Antarctica, Crete,
goes on and on,
Santorini, the high
Altiplano in South America--
all these different things have
check marks of what Plato said.
So a lot of people
say well Santorini
didn't have elephants.
So they made it up.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>BOULTER: So where
are all these points?
And there is one place,
where all these points--
>>NOORY: And where
might that be?
That's what we're revealing
today on "Beyond Belief."
>>BOULTER: The Sunda
Strait, Sundaland,
which is actually where
the land mass broke off--
>>NOORY: How big was this mass?
>>BOULTER: Huge.
OK.
My information now
from my research
is that there were four
disasters, not one.
>>NOORY: Like after the
other boom, boom, boom?
>>BOULTER: No.
Well the one that most
everybody's talking about
is 11,600 and some 60 years.
>>NOORY: Right.
That was the period, right?
>>BOULTER: Well, and that
was the last major flood.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>BOULTER: So before that,
18,500 years ago, and Dr. Paul
LaViolette confirms the idea
of a solar flare happening
at the same time.
So when I'm talking
about things,
I'm looking to triangulate,
cross-reference, not just
get it from one place.
So there's other evidence at
58,000 years and 85,000 years.
>>NOORY: They just
kept getting blasted.
>>BOULTER: They kept
getting blasted.
And right there,
in the Sunda Strait
is where three
tectonic plates meet
and there's three volcanoes.
And so it just kept breaking
apart, and perhaps getting
smaller.
But it stayed there
until the very end.
But when it was thriving,
and it was on the equator,
everything else
was in an Ice Age.
Right?
And so it's just
really interesting
how we wouldn't have
understood how it went.
But worldwide seafaring culture.
But my understanding
is the first disaster
flipped the poles.
OK?
And so the magnetic poles--
>>NOORY: And that
would have occurred--
>>BOULTER: I'm thinking
that one was 58,000 years.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>BOULTER: OK.
Part of my research
has to do with chasing
after my past lives.
So I had a past
life reading that
said that I was on an
evacuation committee--
>>NOORY: I was there, too.
>>BOULTER: --when there was
advanced knowledge that there
was going to be a catastrophe.
And what were we going
to do to help the people?
Right?
Or to help the planet?
That's when I think--
now I'm coming really
strongly on this--
that the pyramids started to
be built in various places.
But often a pyramid, if you go
through the top of the pyramid
through the center
of the Earth, you'll
come out the other
end at a volcano.
>>NOORY: Ah-ha.
>>BOULTER: So there was
something about this torquing--
>>NOORY: It's like that
movie "Journey to the Center
of the Earth."
>>BOULTER: Yes.
And the weight of the
pyramids, the location
of them on ley
lines, this sort of,
thing was designed to
stabilize the planet
so that wouldn't happen.
So if we're talking
Grand Central Atlantis,
let's say, in
Sundaland, then they
would send out various groups.
So I'd like to think of it--
we have various groups here.
Think about hip hop kids.
And they have their own style.
They have their own music.
They have their own preferences.
And you think firemen
and ballerinas--
so it's like the
Mayans were one group.
And the Chinese
were another group.
And the Vedic Indians.
And they all went to colonize.
So when we look at
what they looked like,
they had different styles,
feathers in their hair,
different music,
that sort of thing.
But I think that
it could have been
what I'm calling the third
party hypothesis where they all
came from a similar
source, but then
they each had their own style.
>>NOORY: They branched out.
>>BOULTER: And then they
each had their own style.
So we end up thinking
that they're all separate.
But they all had civilizing
culture, commerce, astronomy,
geometry, all these sacred
geometry, all this knowledge.
They all had-- actually,
if you look at it--
they all had similar
knowledge, similar symbols.
>>NOORY: How advanced were they?
>>BOULTER: Extremely.
Much more than I think
that we even understand,
that we couldn't even guess.
And so lately, there's been some
information about Antarctica
and what they're finding there.
I think they're doing steam
excavation in Antarctica.
And they're
finding-- now, again,
I don't have
verification on this--
but extremely sophisticated
labs and animals
in stasis that are not
what we knew, but really
sophisticated technology.
So I think it was a very,
very incredible peaceful time.
>>NOORY: Were the Atlanteans
the ones that in the Bible God
created the flood to destroy
them because of whatever they
were doing at the time?
>>BOULTER: Well, good point.
But the thing is,
is if corruption
is causal to flooding,
I think we're well
overdue to be completely
under the water.
>>NOORY: We're going
to get flooded again.
That's right.
Be ready.
>>BOULTER: Because there's
plenty of corruption.
So I think this is, again, one
of the misnomers that make us
think that they were corrupt.
And they were fighting
and they started a war
in Athens and all that.
But that's kind of like when
you and I have talked often
about the Egyptians.
And the warring stuff happened
later 19th, 20th Dynasty.
And the Predynastic times were
very peaceful and civilized.
So dynastic Egypt started
in 3113 BC and that's
when it started to
become more patriarchal.
So I think that in Atlantis,
because there are so
many years of it, many
processional cycles,
there was time for it to be
Golden and then in the Iron Age
several times as this
was an ongoing culture.
>>NOORY: I've always
believed, Carmen,
that these catastrophes,
these earth catastrophes, that
have occurred were
misconstrued by the people
of the day in the era.
And then they always said,
it's God that did this to us,
when there were probably real
natural events that occurred,
and as you say four major ones.
And the last one,
of course, just
wiped them out, that was it?
>>BOULTER: Yes.
And that's why we get tricked,
because Santorini, for example,
is one of the major
candidates for possibly having
been Atlantis.
But if it was destroyed,
and it disappeared,
Santorini is still there.
>>NOORY: It's still there.
What happened?
>>BOULTER: We can
hear these things
and they repeat it
over and over again.
And we go, OK,
Santorini could be it.
But, no, it would be gone.
So there's all these tricks.
And Things keep
getting repeated.
We end up giving up and
not really understanding
how to look for it.
But there's a lot
of evidence now
about Java and that whole
area, and lots of researchers
>>NOORY: That's fascinating.
>>BOULTER: It is.
And I think that part of this
thing about Atlantis, Atlantic,
Straits of Gibraltar,
all of that,
is it would make
Atlantis Western.
And this fits in--
and you know I've
discussed this about King Tut.
There was a big
thing about King Tut
was Akhenaten was his
father, because that
would have made King Tut white.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>BOULTER: And I think
that DNA testing--
>>NOORY: And he was not.
>>BOULTER: No.
And so, but that's the thing.
We want to keep the history
kind of making us look
like we're the dominant ones.
And it may not be that.
>>NOORY: The technology of
the Atlanteans at the time,
do they have flying machines?
>>BOULTER: Well, that's
kind of hard to verify.
There seems to be plenty of
stories in the Vedic texts that
describe that.
And I don't see why not.
I mean they were
highly sophisticated.
>>NOORY: I mean, they may
have been way advanced.
>>BOULTER: But they
had everything.
It was paradise, really.
Aromatherapy and natural
woods and very special things,
and a very
sophisticated lifestyle.
They didn't have
money, government
didn't work like ours does,
and it left people at peace
to be creative.
>>NOORY: Sounds like
they did it right.
>>BOULTER: Yeah.
And I think that that's
what's important to me
about studying it is what of
those values can we bring back?
Because really in this world,
we're in a crisis of values.
>>NOORY: Oh, there's
no doubt about that.
And I want to get into that.
Do you think that
they had foreknowledge
of their disasters.
>>BOULTER: Maybe not the first
time, but certainly after.
And so I think that there was
a real strategy to do something
to stabilize the planet.
But then there was
all different things.
And you hear people
talking about a solar flare
or a comet hit, a
magnetic reversal,
they put it all together in one.
>>NOORY: Tsunami.
>>BOULTER: But they put
it all together in one.
And I think that they were
individual disasters that
happened and then
there was a recovery.
>>NOORY: In the last event, did
the entire island or continent
just sink?
>>BOULTER: Yep.
Yep.
That's my understanding.
>>NOORY: Ah.
Can you imagine?
>>BOULTER: So it
was breaking apart.
So if you look--
and I've done a lot of
studying of indigenous tribes.
And right from Easter
Island up through Asia,
that land could have
been all together.
And they have the same kinds of
red, white, and black colors.
They build their
boats the same ways.
They have similar style.
And then gradually, it
broke apart, broke apart,
broke apart, to the
point where now, it's
just a scattering of islands.
>>NOORY: Carmen, all
around this planet
there are ley lines,
special points of power
points around this planet.
What exactly are
these ley lines?
>>BOULTER: Well, you can call
them dragon lions as well.
That's what the
Chinese call them.
But it's almost points where
the energy flow is interrupted.
And then it makes a power spot.
And so they're connected
in many different patterns.
And they're all over the world.
But notably, there's
going to be sacred sites
and pyramids and that sort
of thing on these ley lines.
And I think that that
was part of the grid that
helped to stabilize with
the weight of the pyramids.
And a lot of times, too,
you'll have a pyramid--
you go through the top, through
the center of the Earth,
you'll come out at a volcano.
Like the Great Pyramid, for
example, Haleakala in Hawaii
is on the other
side of that one.
And so this is a
new theory of how
the pyramids could have
worked to stabilize
the energy of the planet.
>>NOORY: Edgar Cayce, the
great American prophet,
talked about the
Hall of Records.
He said that they were
in Central America,
in Bimini, and at the
base of the Sphinx.
Do you believe that in
Atlantis that information was
what these Hall of Records.
Were?
>>BOULTER: Yes.
>>NOORY: And I'm convinced
the Atlanteans may
have become the Egyptians.
>>BOULTER: Oh, yes.
I really do think that.
At first, I didn't know
how to verify that,
or how to even make
some links with it,
but the more I do my
research, the more I'm
thinking that's
exactly what happened.
Now, when you say
beneath the paw of the--
or he says under the
paw of the Sphinx.
>>NOORY: Yes.
And they have found some kind
of tomb down there, by the way.
>>BOULTER: Well, yes.
>>NOORY: But they don't
know what's in it.
>>BOULTER: They are very
primitive equipment.
And there's these
documentaries that
show a sledgehammer and a
plate and an arrow, which
isn't nearly sophisticated
enough for my liking.
And there's cavities.
Like I spent a lot of time
in and around the body
of the Sphinx and there
are several cavities.
The inner chamber of the heart
of the Sphinx and that sort
of thing.
And there's something to it.
But it wouldn't
be a huge chamber,
but with a PhD in
linguistics, I understand
how just a little turn
of phrase, a preposition,
can make it different.
So under, let's say,
beneath, and in front of,
so I thought that there was a
lot of treasures in the Sphinx
temple.
But if you keep going
that's where Hawara is.
And that's the whole thing.
But by the Great Pyramid.
Well it's actually,
the pyramid of Hawara.
And so you and I
have discussed that.
Where using ground
penetrating radar,
and high definition
satellite scans,
that have the capability of
going six kilometers deep.
>>NOORY: That's DPS.
>>BOULTER: Yes.
And it can go through layers.
So normal GPS, if you hit
one layer, like this chair,
you can't go through the chair,
through the floor, and to see
what's under the ground.
>>NOORY: This will.
>>BOULTER: This will.
And so we found a
huge complex in front
of the pyramid of Hawara.
With one layer that's the
ceilings are 20 meters deep.
And the second one
is 40 meters deep.
That's huge.
But there's 63
chambers, six of which
are bigger than Olympic
sized swimming pools.
>>NOORY: Do you think on
the continent of Atlantis,
they had structures like this?
Who would know, I guess?
>>BOULTER: Well, the thing
is, now I've been talking
to the people from GEOSCANS--
which is the system
that works this--
and they share their desktop.
And they show me things
that they've found.
And so much of it is underwater.
>>NOORY: And they can
find things underwater?
>>BOULTER: Huge
complexes underwater,
like we're talking big.
And all over the place
passageways, networks,
and there's more and
more of that being found.
>>NOORY: In these regions?
>>BOULTER: Yes.
There's more and more of that
being found all the time.
>>NOORY: That's weird.
>>BOULTER: It is.
And you know it,
makes us wonder.
At first when GEOSCANs
came out, there
wasn't a lot of verifiability
and reliability.
>>NOORY: That's a great story.
I haven't heard of this before.
>>BOULTER: Validity
and reliability--
validity, are you
really measuring
what you think you're measuring?
And reliability is,
if you keep testing
are you're going to find
what you were looking for?
So the more that they do
scans, and some of it's
been for governments to find
diamonds, to find gold, to find
oil, gas--
and they don't like to do
that any more for oil and gas,
because it's destructive
to the planet--
but they go and they dig and
they find exactly at the depth,
at the spot, what
they're looking for.
So governments don't necessarily
know to go and dig at Hawara,
not yet, they may.
But I think it's becoming
increasingly likely
that what they're showing
in the scans is real.
>>NOORY: Do you think
those people on Atlantis
were in the wrong place
at the wrong time?
>>BOULTER: No.
I think it was
paradise on Earth.
And there were a
lot of challenges
and the civilization went
on 85,000 years maybe,
a long time.
So I think that was
quite a successful thing.
And there were
challenges on the planet,
as they always have been.
But I think they maintained
a certain credibility
and cohesion and a very,
very high level of values
that are exemplary.
>>NOORY: We see movies--
Hollywood, of course,
depicts Atlantis
as this area that had
a huge crystal which
they could use to harness
power from the sun and things
like that.
And that that could
be part of the reason
why the Bermuda Triangle has all
these weird things happening.
Possible?
>>BOULTER: Yes.
Magnetic anomalies.
Pyramid structures are all
built on quartz crystal.
So what the unique thing
about quartz crystal is it
has a double helix
going around it.
When it's under pressure,
it releases energy.
And so Valery Uvarov
in Tomsk, Russia,
has been building new pyramids.
And there's going to be
as many as 33 pyramids.
>>NOORY: 33.
>>BOULTER: Yes,
one in the center
and concentric circles of
four pyramids around each one.
And he's got these huge crystals
that are like 14 feet high.
And they're--
>>NOORY: They're huge.
>>BOULTER: Huge.
And they're embedded
into the workings.
So where you think there's
dead space in a pyramid, where
there's no chamber,
it's actually
huge crystals under pressure.
And granite has quartz in it.
And I think that
that's the principle.
So the idea that
crystal quartz could
be generating energy and
transmitting with the sun
is absolutely viable.
>>NOORY: Now, you've talked
about these structures that
are under water.
What about artifacts
from Atlantis?
Have we found
anything that could
lead-- you know pots and
pans, anything like that?
>>BOULTER: Well, it's--
OK.
Here we go.
There's a new find in Turkey.
And again, it hasn't
come hot off the press.
And I've got a couple
of images of that.
And all of these things
are jewels, and gold,
and emerald the size
of a credit card.
And all these statues
that supposedly look
like from Egypt.
They look like they would have
come from the Amarna Period.
>>NOORY: And they did found
them, what, by excavation?
Like this?
>>BOULTER: No.
There's a cave.
So I've been privy to this idea.
So you can see these are--
>>NOORY: That's Egyptian.
>>BOULTER: Yes,
it looks Egyptian.
And it's all the
gods and goddesses.
But what they're saying
is Akhenaten and Nefertiti
went to one god, which is really
what our religions have done,
not theirs.
And so this is a stash
that was found in Turkey.
And if you look over in the blue
circle, that's Akhenaten OK?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
There he is.
>>BOULTER: And then next picture
has a sarcophagus that rivals
King Tut's.
>>NOORY: What is this made with?
>>BOULTER: It's
gold covering wood.
>>NOORY: Gold covering wood.
>>BOULTER: What these guys did
is they went to the back of one
of these statues, they
peeled the gold off,
and they took a
little piece of wood--
>>NOORY: Melted it down.
>>BOULTER: No.
Carbon-14 dated it.
>>NOORY: Huh.
Oh, you mean those
who tested it.
Yeah.
>>BOULTER: 11,600 years.
Which means these artifacts
would have come from Atlantis--
we can speculate--
and arrived in Egypt.
>>NOORY: Which has
been the theory.
>>BOULTER: Which
is mind boggling.
Because if you've got Akhenaten
there and Amenhotep III,
it could be that they--
I don't know how to
put this together--
but they were reflecting gods
and goddesses from before.
And it was different people
who were respecting them.
But it's almost
like passing down
grandma's silver and jewels.
None of these artifacts--
and we're talking 10 rooms.
I've got 147 pictures.
And I was going to
go into a film shoot.
And then they closed the
border, Syrian border,
got all the Americans
out of Turkey right
when I was going to
go do this film shoot.
So all I have is the cell
phone pictures that they took.
But I've got nine videos.
>>NOORY: What are we
looking at here, Carmen?
>>BOULTER: This is a sarcophagus
that rivals King Tut.
Now that's right
beside, in the same room
as these other artifacts.
So these two
pictures go together.
But this kind of
neck that the vulture
is very similar to the
Queen Hatshesut's images.
And she was in the 18th Dynasty.
It doesn't look like the
sarcophagus was ever opened.
So it could have been that
it was in an unfinished form.
But with this--
have you ever seen
anything that looks more like
King Tut's tomb or sarcophagus?
>>NOORY: No.
That's what it looks like.
>>BOULTER: That's
what it looks like.
And it's huge.
>>NOORY: Is that a dusting
of gold on the outside?
>>BOULTER: It's all gold.
And it's dusty in there,
because everything was just
thrown into this cave.
But if you keep looking
at these artifacts,
there isn't a single arrowhead
or a spear or anything warring.
And based on my book, "Angels
and Archetypes an Evolutionary
Map of Feminine Consciousness,"
feminine consciousness
seemed to have all these
things that were of beauty.
And the goddesses are in there.
So we have Artemis and all
these different goddesses
that are represented in jeweled
combs and these incredibly
gorgeous things that
have nothing warring.
And so I started to
think maybe these
are treasures that came
all the way from Atlantis,
that kept changing hands, stick
them up, give us your stuff.
And then there came a point--
and this is on the Silk Road--
where they just had to stash it.
>>NOORY: Were they seafaring?
You think had big
wooden ships and they
traveled all over the place?
>>BOULTER: There's
doubt about it.
They went all over the world.
Absolutely.
And it seems to
me, that they were
able to grow sprouts and
fruits and vegetables
right on the ships
and desalinate water.
So it wasn't like people
getting scurvy or getting sick.
>>NOORY: I was
just going to say.
Yeah.
They had their Vitamin
C. That's amazing.
>>BOULTER: They had it.
And they went all
over the world.
And especially, when
there were disasters, but
they ended up colonizing.
So some people, they
would go to colonize.
And they'd go back.
And so when we see possible
evidence of pyramids
and Atlantis all
over the world, it
would simply have been colonies.
>>NOORY: Would you
say that Atlantis was
the focal point of the planet?
>>BOULTER: Yes.
>>NOORY: A long time ago?
>>NOORY: It's almost like
the cradle of civilization.
We think it was in
Iraq, but you're saying
it could have been Atlantis.
>>BOULTER: Well, there, too.
OK.
So the Sumerians, the
Vedic Indians the Chinese,
the Egyptians, the Mayans,
yeah they're all connected.
>>NOORY: All offshoots?
>>BOULTER: Yeah, I think so.
And if you really examine their
symbols and what they knew,
the domains of what
they knew, it's
more similar than different.
>>NOORY: I was in Cancun
several years ago.
And the people of that
culture are very small.
The buildings that were ancient
stone buildings and structures
had doorways, Carmen--
and you've seen them--
that are maybe that tall.
I mean you'd really
somebody like my size would
have to stoop under to get in.
Were they little
people of that day?
>>BOULTER: I'm smiling
because one of the things that
my research has uncovered
is in that last disaster,
there were four different races
that ended up getting wiped
out--
and hobbits, giants, and a
couple of versions of us,
homosapiens--
well we're Homo sapien
sapiens, so I don't
want to get that word wrong.
But some versions of
us were wiped out.
So what we find is
remains in places.
And in this stash
in Turkey, there
was a little being,
mummified little being.
And what we're
finding all over is
beings that are
giant and the bones
and distended skulls all over,
Bolivia all over, all over.
>>NOORY: The Nephilim?
>>BOULTER: Well, and I think
that can be a catch all.
Because you know, who did it?
The Annunaki.
Well, Annunaki Nephilim.
Who did it?
Aliens.
The Annun-- well that
doesn't go in depth.
We could just sit here
go the Annunaki did it,
the Annunaki did it.
right?
It doesn't explain much.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
Who is that?
>>BOULTER: OK so this
is Gia, the giant.
And so we started
with photographs
of a distended skull of
an eight foot six inch
being from Bolivia.
And Marcia Moore has
recreated, by using
a 3D program called Mudbox.
And she's putting
together what this being
may have looked like.
And I've called her Gia.
>>NOORY: Well, she looks human.
>>BOULTER: And she's
got the distended skull.
And she's a giant.
So she's just working on her
eyes now to make her real.
But we're recreating a real
3D model that will move
and speculating about what
this being could have been.
>>NOORY: Almost nine feet tall?
>>BOULTER: Yeah.
Yeah.
And there are some that
are even taller than that.
But this becomes part
of the storyline.
And that would have been
normal in Atlantean times,
perhaps before the disaster that
made that exceptionally rare.
>>NOORY: Elongated skull.
Is she human or
extraterrestrial?
>>BOULTER: Well,
that's always going
to be an issue,
like I keep saying,
aliens, aliens, Annunaki.
I mean aren't we all star seeds?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
We are.
>>BOULTER: Where did it start?
And I think we get this misnomer
that we're all running around
in our vehicles,
scooters, whatever,
and we think that
extraterrestrials
have to have a ship.
But I think that the beings
can be channeling through us.
And they didn't necessarily
need to be in ships.
Right?
So the extraterrestrials--
it's something again,
I think that these terms
and the way they're used
have been confusing us more
than giving us information.
>>NOORY: Clearly though,
she had an elongated skull,
based on what I could see.
>>BOULTER: And
what that would do
is give more room
for the pineal gland.
And the pineal gland
is the connection
to spirit and all this psychic
nature and that sort of thing.
And so when we don't really
understand the abilities
that they had to create the
technology, to bilocate,
teleport, all that
sort of thing,
we're not used to
that, because we're
in a dumbed-down state
with a smaller pineal gland
that's even getting
less useful to us
because something like
fluoride can calcify it.
>>NOORY: Now they say
that some of the babies
have had their skulls
pulled to give that look.
I'm not so sure about that.
>>BOULTER: Well, you can see,
and sometimes researchers
that are talking
about elongated skulls
don't differentiate between the
fake ones and the natural ones.
So they could pull
them, but they would put
bandages or different things.
Different cultures would
strap the children to--
See this is the--
>>NOORY: Like this.
>>BOULTER: That's the
original skull, though.
But you could see the
marks of where the thing
that would have
forced the skull.
See, that's the side view.
>>NOORY: I mean, how
could that be human?
Looks like the head
of an ant, a huge ant.
>>BOULTER: Well, I don't know
that it's that different.
It's just a distended skull.
Nefertiti and
Akhenaten had them.
Tut had one.
>>NOORY: You don't
think it's an ET.
>>BOULTER: Not necessarily.
I mean I think that it's
too easy to just say
it's alien because they're
here and they're all over.
And it's not like us now.
OK?
That they would bind the skull.
And so when they're
fake, you can
see that it's a flattened zone.
You can see the ridge of
what would have made it fake.
>>NOORY: Why would
they elongated a skull?
>>BOULTER: Why
would they do that?
OK.
Here we go.
Because the ones
that were natural,
that had the larger pineal
gland and larger brain m
would have been admired
because of their abilities,
because of the--
>>NOORY: Godlike.
>>BOULTER: Yeah, but
the transmutation
of the atom and you
know psychicness
and all that sort of thing.
So when that was dwindling
or was becoming extinct,
because of the big
flood, they would
have tried to emulate that.
But we're finding
distended skulls
even where I live
off Vancouver Island
in the Indian traditions.
And Marcia Moore herself
came and visited me
when she was going to see
how one generation ago,
natural distended skulls from
the North American Indians.
>>NOORY: Now back to
Atlantis, of course.
>>BOULTER: Here's the complex.
>>NOORY: Which is amazing.
Now where was this?
This is Egypt?
>>BOULTER: This is Hawara, what
I was talking about before.
The blue level, you
see, is completely
separate from the red level.
And so the ceiling of the
blue level is 20 meters deep.
And red is 40.
>>NOORY: How could that
get buried so deeply?
>>BOULTER: Well,
the thing is people
think maybe it was
on the surface.
But I don't.
I think--
>>NOORY: You think it
was always underground?
>>BOULTER: Yeah.
Now in archeology--
>>NOORY: That makes sense.
>>BOULTER: Older is deeper.
And so, that means,
and the other thing
is on top of that was a
Ptolemaic layer during Anthony
and Cleopatra's time.
And on top of that
was a Roman layer.
And so this was known
to be a site where
people were doing
things and civilizing
and the layers go up, up, up.
>>NOORY: How would they build
it underground like that?
>>BOULTER: Well, we
don't really know
that because of the technology.
But it stands to reason
that the lower level is
going to be really, really old.
And I'm suspecting
that the second one
would have been Atlantean.
So maybe when we--
I mean this is speculation--
but when we first came to
colonize the planet, if you
will, coming from off
planet, maybe there
had to be orientation zones and
a place to put the equipment.
But these are unexcavated.
And these scans can
show different materials
like precious metals, and
pottery, and bone, and water,
and cavities, and
that sort of thing.
But they're more
like storage units.
It's not like a temple.
And the other thing is in the
Valley of the Kings in Egypt,
it's like snakes
and ladders where
you can go between the levels.
These levels are
completely separate.
So it stands to
reason that they would
have been completely
separate civilizations that
would have put them there.
>>NOORY: What do you think
the purpose of the pyramids
really were?
I mean, some people
believe that--
Christopher Dunn believes
that they're power plants.
Everybody has their own
theories, Carmen, yours too.
I mean they're similar,
they're all over the planet.
We're discovering
more and more of them.
Why that shape?
And why that look?
>>BOULTER: So straight
sided pyramids
have seven different
characteristics
that makes them function.
Now, I think, again, a trap
is one right answer hypothesis
that we get in school
with multiple choice--
A, B, C, D--
it's a power plant.
No, it's this.
No, it's that.
But nothing in ancient
Egypt, and probably
in the distant ancient
world, is ever one thing.
It's multipurpose,
multi-dimensional,
multifaceted, many,
many things went on.
Because it's a very
sophisticated technology.
And so, yes, power plant.
Yes, stabilize the planet.
Yes, generate energy,
connect the earth grid,
make passive imploding energy
instead of exploding energy
which pollutes.
>>NOORY: What minds would
create something like that?
>>BOULTER: Well, you've
got to wonder, don't you?
And especially to repeat
it in so many places.
Now, most of the pyramids
that are being discovered now
have got trees over the top,
like the Bosnian pyramids.
So they're prediluvian.
So when the big flood came,
it would have left layers
like three to five feet of
silt, which then grew trees.
Now in Egypt, when
it became desert,
that blew away,
because Egypt used
to be tropical,
semi-tropical, tropical.
And so a lot of these
pyramids are completely
covered in trees.
Now if we were able to take
a helicopter and shave them,
we could see that
actually what's
underneath is straight sided.
And that's what
Dr. Sam Osmanagich
has discovered by excavating
and finding geopolymer,
so sophisticated cement,
even more sophisticated
than we have now.
But in between the third and
fourth course, a leaf blew in,
and they were able to carbon--
you can't carbon-14
stone, but you can
carbon-14 something organic.
And they dated it
to 38,000 years ago.
>>NOORY: There.
Right there.
That period.
>>BOULTER: And they're
showing up all over.
And so, if you go to El Dorado,
all these places, fly over it,
it looks like jungle.
But there's little places where
the stone's showing through.
And that there's cavities.
And you can go in.
So these pyramids are being
found all over the world.
And I interviewed
Dr. Sam, and he's
counting up to 80,000
pyramids in the world now.
>>NOORY: That we know of?
>>BOULTER: Yes.
200 and some in China.
45 of which I've
plotted on Google Earth.
They're visible.
Yeah.
And we don't have
that consciousness.
Canary Islands, all over the
place, all over the world.
>>NOORY: And they were built
thousands and thousands
of years ago.
>>BOULTER: Well, at
least prediluvial.
Right?
So this business that the
Great Pyramid is 2450 BC
is nonsense, complete nonsense.
It doesn't hold up anywhere.
And that's part of why we
can't understand the technology
because in that time frame, they
didn't have that technology.
>>NOORY: There's got
to be a tie in though.
Somehow, they're all connected.
>>BOULTER: I think they are.
Now, the thing is that
there's different pyramids.
And pyramids being built now.
Do you know how many
pyramids, new pyramids,
have been built in India in
the last couple of years?
>>NOORY: Last couple of years?
I have no idea.
>>BOULTER: 20,000.
>>NOORY: 20,000 pyramids?
>>BOULTER: Yep.
They're building them for--
>>NOORY: Over the
last, what, 10 years?
What are they doing it for?
>>BOULTER: Well, I spoke
at the Global Pyramid
Conference in Chicago last May.
And there was a
gentleman there that
had just-- he ran, the
whole time he was talking,
he was running
pictures of pyramids.
Pyramids on houseboat, pyramids
this, big ones, small ones,
they're housing people.
They're feeding people.
They're meditating in them.
And they're using the
pyramid energy, simply
with the structure.
>>NOORY: Pyramid power.
>>BOULTER: Pyramid power.
And they're everywhere.
>>NOORY: I had a friend in
school, grade school, who would
wear a pyramid hat to school.
And the kid got all A's.
I don't know if that had
anything to do with it or not.
But he said his father
said pyramids have energy.
And he would have
a triangular hat.
He'd look like Tom Terrific,
that cartoon character,
and he'd wear it.
>>BOULTER: Well, and this guy
doing his lecture actually
had a paper pyramid hat with
a little strap on the bottom
and he gave his whole
lecture wearing it.
But he talked about
just taking a piece
of fruit, two oranges, one under
the paper pyramid and one out.
And this one would
last three weeks,
this one will be
rotten in a few days.
>>NOORY: How do
you explain that?
>>BOULTER: And
then Valery Uvarov
before he started building
the new real pyramids,
he did all kinds of experiments
with the sharpening razor
blades and enhancing medication
and vitamins and that sort
of thing and understanding
pyramid power.
There is a lot to it.
There really is a lot to it.
And it is simply the shape
that is doing something.
So they can be just
the outline of it
or they can be made out
of all different things.
Usually being
aligned to the north,
south, east, west
cardinal points
makes some kind of
connection to the Earth grid
that helps the energy.
But it's all connected.
>>NOORY: And you've talked about
20,000 new pyramids in India.
There's a lot
going on in Russia.
>>BOULTER: Yeah.
Here we go.
>>NOORY: Take a look here.
>>BOULTER: So this
is just a model,
because it's not there yet.
But the one big pyramid has
already been constructed.
And they actually used
crushed quartz in a polymer
to make the casing stones.
And then they've got a
real quartz crystal on top.
And even the
construction workers
were having spontaneous
healings in it
while they were building it,
before the capstone went on.
They actually asked
me to do a study,
if it was possible, with 400,000
schoolchildren in the area.
Is the pyramid being
off in the distance
helping the schoolchildren?
And so they started with
one pyramid in the middle.
And they're making concentric
circles with 4, 4, 4, 4.
So now they're going to have 33
pyramids, the one in the middle
being the 33rd.
And so in the area
around it, they're
building all these
buildings that
will help to change the
paradigm for different domains,
transportation, communication,
health, education.
And they're working too--
so this is like the
model of the plot
of land of where all these
different things would happen.
>>NOORY: Are those roads?
Is that what I'm looking at?
>>BOULTER: They're connectors.
They're connectors between them.
This is a model.
This is an animator's
rendition of it.
But it's quite remarkable.
And they call it Project 12,
because there's 12 domains.
>>NOORY: This is Russia.
>>BOULTER: This is Russia.
In the center of the
land mass of Russia,
which happens to be Tomsk
in the middle of Siberia,
but they also call
it the new Atlantis.
And the new series
that I'm making
started out when I was
speaking in St. Petersburg.
And Valery approached me
to make his documentary,
the next documentary series.
And the funding fell through
and I carried on my own
with his blessing.
So I'm sticking with
that title because it's
Atlantis of what we knew in the
past coming into the future,
and how can those
values help us now?
>>NOORY: What do you think if
you had to picture Atlantis
what did it look like?
What did they wear?
Did they have computers?
What happened?
>>BOULTER: Well, I
think they probably
were more like crystalline
computers in themselves.
When you think about
the computation
and what we're doing
with computers,
if your system was all
switched on in a true way,
you may not need
that in the same--
it wouldn't be the same way.
It would be more telepathic.
But I've really been
curious about this, George.
What did they eat?
What did they wear?
What did the seasons look like?
And that sort of thing.
And I think they were
really, really healthy.
But I think that
they had so much time
to develop their abilities
that they would do things
like acrobatics.
And so I've been fascinated with
some rhythmic gymnastics when
they spin ribbons and
they dance with hula hoops
and all that kind of thing.
And even figure skating.
I was like where
did this come from?
Who would have invented this?
What are they emulating?
Because it's almost like
when they're spinning--
>>NOORY: There's a symmetry.
>>BOULTER: --they're
spinning energies.
And then when you really
get somebody who's tuned in
and skating well, it's
almost like they're
flying on energy somehow.
So I found myself
thinking, well,
if Atlantis was at
the equator, why
do I keep thinking
figure skating has
something to do with Atlantis?
And one day, just recently,
I was watching figure skating
and I went it was an Ice Age.
>>NOORY: Bingo.
>>BOULTER: They were seafaring.
There's ice everywhere.
>>NOORY: They
learned how to skate.
>>BOULTER: They learned how to
skate or something like that.
And then I saw part
of a gala event.
And this woman actually
had a hula hoop
that was tied with
ribbons-- you know
Cirque du Soleil, that sort of
thing, like a big wide band.
So she's flying,
she's skating around.
And then she skates
into the hula hoop.
And she starts to make it spin.
And then it goes up and
then it drops her back down,
and she keeps skating.
And I thought that's it.
It's like it all seems
to be coming together.
That even when you look
at Knossos on Crete
and you see them
doing a handstand
on the back of a bull, but
it looks like they're just
about to flip, well
there's all these things
where they're doing
acrobats with animals,
telepathy with horses.
And there's this guy
Frederic Pignon who's
working with Friesian horses.
And you know he smiles.
He uses the whip like a wand.
He is giving communication
to the animals.
No bit, no saddle, no nothing.
He gets them to sit down
like a dog, lie in his lap.
And then he'll stand up
one foot on two horses.
And I'm like that's
what they were doing.
And I think that
Crete was kind of one
of the remnants when you think
about the clothes they wore.
>>NOORY: Would you liked to
have lived then as a witness?
Well, you did.
>>BOULTER: I think I did.
>>NOORY: You did
in another life.
>>BOULTER: I think I did.
>>NOORY: What do we do
with all this knowledge?
This knowledge that
you give us, that we
begin to learn about
Atlantis, about the pyramids.
What does that all mean to us?
Well,
>>BOULTER: I've been
saying cancel money, cancel
the government, and
start over for 35 years.
>>NOORY: Just like they did.
>>BOULTER: Well, they weren't
all obsessed with money.
They didn't need it.
Right?
So everything was fair.
Everything was creative.
And I think the
Amarna Period in Egypt
was among the most
recent time where
we had that kind of
creativity, flattened
hierarchies, beauty, flower.
I think we need to go
back to that kind of thing
where if it isn't good for
everyone, it's not good at all.
Where we're more telepathic,
people are transparent,
you can see, we can
see through each other.
So then all this business of
hiding and shadow government
and all that stuff is just
it's illuminated somehow.
>>NOORY: That's fantastic.
>>BOULTER: It is fantastic,
because we've lost our way.
>>NOORY: Carmen, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>BOULTER: Thanks, George.
>>NOORY: You always bring
us great information.
>>BOULTER: Thank you.
>>NOORY: I've got to tell you.
I've been fascinated
with Atlanta
since I was a little boy, just
the mysteries surrounding just
what was this region, and
what kind of technology
did they really possess?
People like Carmen Boulter
give us some of those answers.
Thank you for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]